## About Me
I'm André, a 37 years old "carioca". I was born in 1988 at Tijuca, Rio de Janeiro, and have lived in Rio de Janeiro for most of my life, except between the ages 1-10 where I lived in São Paulo. My father's family are from São Paulo, while my mother's is from Rio. When they divorced, my mother moved back to Rio with me when I was 10. My father also moved to Rio a few years later and has been here since.

I'm not really close to my second/third degree family (cousins and uncles).I didn't knew my maternal grandparents as they passed away early. My mother has 6 siblings. I grew up really close to two cousins, Allan, which is one year younger, and Anderson, his older brother by ~5 years, as we would come to Rio a lot even when we lived in São Paulo.

On my father's side, his parent died a few years back. He has one sister and one brother. I was really found of my cousins there. Nath, which I was closer is a third-degree cousin, about my age, and Fran, also about my age, first daughter of my father's sister, which later had Rafa and Lari. My uncle's kids were not so close, Ligia, which is about my age, and her much older brother, Amaurizinho.

I was always really good at school and intelligent, in a raw sense. I'm not sure if that was something innate or something that my mother triggered on me as a survival instinct. She was very physically violent with me since I can remember, especially regarding eating and education. One of my earliest memories is from her spanking me with a book, to a point where the pages shredded half-way from cover to cover, and I had to keep reading it. I was probably 5. I remember the subject were "rights and duties", and I had a test in school the next day. There was a list of ~10 examples of rights and ~10 examples of duties, and my mother would orally test me - she would read an example from the book and I had to classify them correctly. I think she wanted me to either memorize all 20 or understand the underlying principle. But I just couldn't, so she would beat me, and them I had to read/study them more. After several beatings, I saw a pattern in the texts: the examples of duties always started with the exact same wording, except for 3 examples, while the examples of rights were more random. So I just had to memorize the pattern plus 3 specific examples, not the whole thing. In the next iteration, I magically classified correctly all 20. Not that I really understood any of it. And none of them were asked in the text, as the teacher later explained to my mother those were just contextual readings and not something relevant for a Portuguese test. But, from this day on, I remember learning stuff was really easy for me. I remember once, I was happily jumping in the bed, while she was laid down orally testing me about the "tabuada" (multiplication). I just knew everything. I've learned how to learn, directly or in more unorthodox ways. 

When I around 8 or 9 I won school-wide contest on "redação" (article writing). Not that I was really good a writing, I just had memorized a 4 page article my mom wrote (she writes in big letters), and then rewrote it from memory at contest time. It was about ecology and recycling. One teacher suspected about it, but I received the medal anyway. My cousin Nath, which was in the same class as me, knew about the cheating but kept it quiet. The teacher (was a she), later tried to get back at me. I remember at some point she tried to correct me in front of the class, that if didn't pay attention (I was sleeping) I would do poor in the tests. I replied saying that would score a 10 regardless, and if I didn't I would pay pizza for everyone in the class. I scored 9.5 due to a silly attention mistake. I didn't paid the pizza, fuck it, close enough.

Sleeping in class was a pattern. I essentially would go to school to sleep. Eventually I would wake up to pay attention to something interesting, then I would go back to my nap. Teachers couldn't understand how I would do so well in the tests. One said to my mother that I would be sleeping, but somehow also be paying attention, which is not exactly how I remember it. I would say there were two extreme. One in which things were so boring and easy, that I could just look at the board at the end or wake up on critical points and interpolate the rest. On the other end, some classes I wouldn't understand anything, or care to, so I would just sleep and later catch on by myself at home. Math for sure is where I slept the most. In high school, that was followed by Portuguese and English. For whatever reason I liked more (disliked less) History and Geography classes.

The sleeping pattern followed me to college, but there, I would just stay sleeping at home, which later would be my downfall.

By 16 years old I've had won several school-wide or city-wide contests on Physics and Math. Two in particular that I remember: The first was a more experimental contest, organized by UFF. My experiment was letting a magnetic ball fall through a aluminum tube, versus a steel ball, showcasing Lenz/Faraday laws. I won the contest and a check, that could be spent to buy a computer at a specific store. It was the first computer I've built from scratch and choose each piece of hardware, instead of scrambling from parts my dad brought home from work. The second was the state championship of Physics. It had several qualifying rounds. One of which I remember in particular, where I just got one question wrong, of 20, and I had the highest score in my city - I knew that because we knew the top score of the 3 top schools around. The first question was a very hard question, about shooting a canon from the top of a moving train. I had a "rival" back them, he got that question wrong and was asking our Physics teacher to explain it, but he couldn't also. The solution was counterintuitive as the angle of the shot would be different than the angle of the cannon. I was qualified for the state-wide contest. But, for whatever reason, I've spent the  day before the contest bodyboarding at the beach, and in the morning as well, as the contest was in the afternoon. I don't remember the details between, but I got to the contest with just a pen, that I've stolen somewhere, but I couldn't get a pencil or eraser there. I was feeling ill, sunburn and I had a lot of water lodged in my nose that would keep dripping on the exam papers with a bit of blood. They had some stupid rules about not writing the solutions outside the rectangle it was prescribed for. I wrote everywhere, crossed out stuff with the pen, used the back of the page, had arrows linking the solutions. All that seasoned with water and blood from my runny nose. It was glorious. Later me and my teacher were reviewing the canonical answers they released. I had gotten everything right, but was disqualified. 

When I turned 17 I joined college, UFRJ, to course Electronics and Computer Engineering. I got a 10 in my first Physics exam, and remember the teacher calling me in her cabinet to congratulate me, I was the only one that had that score across all engineerings. When I was 19 I got my first job as software developer intern, but the work was about building web crawlers and solving Captchas with neural networks. The rest is history.